we cannot say John Travolta and
Kelly Preston Kelly pleasure to meet you
again
Steven John last year you were here to
support Forest Whitaker and Al Gore two
very dear friends abuse so and both of
them won an Academy Award so who paid
you to be supported this way nobody just
kidding but but you are lucky charms to
most of the Stas probably because both
of them won so it's their favorite did
he have tonight that you're really
looking forward to being in an even
playing field
I have favorites but I'm not gonna tell
there's amazing amazing performances an
amazing film it's really interesting if
you look at the nominated movies that
most of them are quite dark and leave
you depressed why do you think is that
so especially in this year's that's
something you know that Hollywood do and
about the independent movie this year
than it is about darkness you know I
think those just happened to be the
subject matters of independent movies
but it's kind of a I think you'll see a
more balanced portfolio in the coming
years because the studios will intervene
and there'll be a mix it's usually
always one or two independent movies
this year there's five that's good it's
1978 you were nominated for an Oscar so
what has changed at the Academy Awards
for you because you've been here every
year the venue the place that's
happening it was then it was a d'Arthur
tent gently Chandler Pavilion and then
it was downtown at the new year old new
USC yes no no they didn't try and then
now it's here so that's that one obvious
change and I don't know other than that
you know it's still a bunch of artists
getting together acknowledging each
other
it looks like a great party I think the
two of you are doing a movie together my
oh you finished it so what is it like to
be working as a couple of you have the
same trailer do you have to say MakerBot
I saw as out of her own and Kelly at her
own because you have different hours and
different needs and all that kind of
thing when we run back and forth omnious
there we are we together you know in
little posses together
sounds nice thank you so much for
stopping by all the best didn't enjoy
the show tonight Thank You Kelly
pleasure thank you - thank you so it's
good shock I'm sorry buddy Nike know I
miss him I see but you're joining me now
John Travolta and his wife actress Kelly
Preston you're not wearing a dress in
honor of Harris for you tonight that
Kelly wear the dress tonight
we were very excited to see you in
Hairspray your first musical on-screen
in 30 years since grease what it took
you so long to sing and dance again oh
come on you know I had my opportunities
I just waited to that but you know it
all worked out good didn't it sure did
Andy words with newcomer Nikki Blonsky I
understand you were somewhat of a mentor
- yeah I think we had a good rapport
she asked for a lot of advice and I she
didn't need much you know really but I
think we had a good relationship it was
wonderful to see you in that hopefully
you'll sing and dance a lot sooner and
enjoy the nightclub vidiseo panky